Feature: The Experience or Supplier registration form.
As a non-registered and to become an Experience Organizer or Supplier.
I want to register my type of Experience/Service, its location, dates, title, and overview.
So that people can understand My Offer details and book it accordingly (Also for System offer standardization).

            Scenario: Select My Participation in the Experience to be registered.
            Given: I am in the Experience or Supplier Registration Form.
            And: I chose My Participation Preferences at the Experience to be registered.
            When: I select Instructor or Supplier.
            And: I select guide people throughout a Tour.
            And: I select to act as a Trip organizer.
            Then: I Select Activity or Sport involved in subject Experience.
            When: I select from land activities in sports
            And: I select water activities in sports
            And: I select air activities in sports
            And: I select mind activities in sports
            Then: I Select destination at the blank gap provided.
            Then: I choose number of days planned for My Experience by clicking at calendar.
            Then: I add starting hour and finish hour for Experience.
            Then: Sport, Location, dates and hours for My Experience or Service offer is now set.
            Then: I click add a name/title to My Experience or Supplies for Activity.  
            Then: I add title containing main Sport/Activity and its Destination.
            And: I type My Experience title limited to certain character extension (Example 100 characters)
            Then: System will also add words: lessons, renting, accommodation, tour or trip 
            And: according My Experience type participation above selected.
            (Example: ¨Amazing Experience¨+ WINDSURF*+ HAWAIIAN*+ TOUR (*) 
            Then: I fill My Experience overview with not over 2OO characters.
            Then: I upload main picture for My Offer Sport/Destination reference.
            Then: Basic infromation: Location, date, title activity overview and picture for Experience or Supplier is now set.
 

Feature: Experience Destination Itinerary 
As an Experience Organizer with Multiplication Instruction, Tour or Trip involved. 
I want to register my Experience Itinerary sorted by dates.
So that people can check My Experience characteristics and its development.

            Scenario: Setting Location at Experience offer registration.
            Given: I am in the registration
            And: I chose become an Instructor, Tour guide or trip organizer.
            Then: if Experiences moves throughout different Locations.
            Then: I select to add Itinerary table.
            Then: I named each stage according to its respective location.
            Then: I click on the calendar to get dates involved on the Stage.
            Then: I add also starting hour/date and finish hour/date for each stage.
            Then: System will deliver number of days to be spend at each of the stage according my selection.
            Then I fill brief description for the stage.
            Then: infromation will be added in chronological order.
            And: According Experience time line system will number stage consecutively.
            Then: At the end of each stage I will be ask for transportation method between stages.
            Then: If Transportation needed I add a brief description for it.
            Then: After one stage is finish I get the option to ADD a new stage
            And: I Keep adding stages as per location involved in the activity.
            Then: My Experience Itinerary table is now set 
            
           
Feature: 
As a non-yet registered Experience Organizer for Instruction, Tours and or Trips
I want to register my package details by adding a PDF disclaimer.
So that Traveller can understand what it is included in the offer, assume risks involved.

            Scenario
            Given: I am registering an Experience 
            And: I want to provide the Experience offer package Details.
            Then: I need to fill five different fields.
            Given: The Experience Lesson-Lodge-Gear-Transportation and Meals.
            When: I select Experience Lessons.
            And: I select Experience Lodge.
            And: I select Experience Gear.
            And: I select Experience Transportation. 
            And: I select Experience Meals.
            Then: I will select include/ Exclude or Extra for each of above fields.
            Then: I click any of them and select it as Include, excluded, Extra
            Then: I Insert brief bullet point description for each field.
            And: if it is and extra I Add the extra cost value.
            Then: System will keep the offer extra cost to be shown during Traveller booking.
            Then: I upload picture for Travellers reference.
            Then: I will follow same process for each field.
            When: Experience offer package details is set.
            Then: I up load a PDF file activity characteristics & risk for Experience disclaimer.

Feature: 
As a new Experience organizer if My Experience has special requirements.
I want My Experience to be marked as a Special activity.
So that Traveller can know before booking Experiences requirements.

            Scenario: Experience marked as Special.
            Given: I am registering My Experience as Special. 
            And: I want to registered My Experience according Special requirements (3).
            When: (1)I select Advance Sport where certain knowledge is required by certification or similar.
            And: (2)I select Weather Depending Sport when special cancelation (if weather permits). 
            And: (3)I select Experience for Validation when certain numbers of books are required.
            Then: requirements will be added to PDF activity disclaimer 
            Then: Experience marked as special will be visible at any given time.
            Then: Special Experience Mark is set at Experience offer booking page.
            And: Travellers can check Experience special requirements before booking at Package details & PDF uploaded.
            And: Consult state of validations for the Experience poending for validation at Calendar.

            Scenario Outline: Lunching trip for validation System.
            Given: I am registering My Experience as Special. 
            And: I chose Experience pending for Validation when registering My Experience as Special. 
            Then: I lunch an offer that need to meet certain criteria to be validated (3).
            Then: I can determine minimum number of booking for its validation before 30 DAYS
            And: Users can also establish a maximum Deposit of 25% from total activity cost.

Feature: 
As a new Experience organizer
I want to describe the way to spend time planned for My Experience.
So that Traveller can know before expected spending time according to categories, Sport/Nature, Culture, and Relax.

        Scenario: Dedication time planned for activity.
        Given: I am in the Experience registration form. 
        Then: System provide with 3 categories to be rated according time dedication planned for My Experience.
        Then: I add % of time My Experience will dedicate to category 1 (Outdoor Sport or Nature or Landscapes or Sightseeing).
        Then: I add % of time My Experience will dedicate to category 2 (Relax or free time or Mind Activities)  
        And: I add % of time My Experience will dedicate to category 3 (People or Culture or Music & Gastronomy).
        Example: (Nature & sports 40% and Relax 30% and culture 30% of the time (=100%)
        And: I get a confirmation that My Experience time dedication have been set

Feature: 
As I am registering My Experience.
I want to describe My Experience physical demands. 
So that Traveller can book My Experience according their physical demand preferences.
    
        Scenario: Add physical demand suggested to participate in the Experience.
        Given I am in the registration form 
        Then: I want to register my Experience physical demands.
        Then: I get asked for my physical demand Experience to be registered.
        Then: I choose Demanding experiences
        When: It is high Demanding Sport.
        Then: I chose regular Demanding Sport
        When: Physical commitment require is medium.
        Then: I choose Not demanding activity.
        And: If It is a not-demanding activity.
        Then: My Experience physical demands are set.


Feature: Personal data require for Organizer registration.
As to become an Experience organizer 
I want to provide my contact details
So My Organizer Panel can be created and I can manage my activity.

        Scenario: New Personal data required for Organizer Panel
        Given I am in the registration form 
        And the user name test Organizer is available
        When I type test Organizer in the organizer name field
        And I type password in the password field
        And I type password in the repeat password field
        And I type testuser@gmail.com in the email field
        And I type Test in the first name field
        And I type Organizer in the last name field
        And I click in register
        Then I get to my dashboard
        And I receive an email confirming my registration in testuser@gmail.com

    Scenario: Organizer name already exists
        Given the Organizer name jackie.chan is already registered
        And I am in the registration form
        When I type jackie.chan in the Organizer name field
        Then I get a user name already registered error

    Scenario Outline: traveller email is invalid
        Given I am in the Experience registration form
        When I type <email> in the email field
        Then I get an invalid email error

        Examples:
            | email        |
            | lol          |
            | lol.com      |
            | false@google |

    Scenario Outline: User password does not meet the requirements
        Given I am in the registration form
        When I type <password> in the password field
        Then I get invalid password error

        Examples:
            | password |
            | a        |
            | 1        |
            | a1       |
            | lol      |
            | abcdef   |
            | 123456   |
      
  Then: I provide a brief public description text with things I like to do in life. 
  Then: I set my picture profile form list of by default sport/activity icons or browse it from my PC 
  Then: I choose my language preferences in order to communicate with me. 
  And: I click to My Payment Preferred method. 
  And: I select payments type
  Then: I confirm terms & conditions.
  And: Confirmation Messages is shown
  And: New Payment method is set or updated.

Scenario outline: Unsuccessful registration
        Given: I am in the registration form.
        And: I try to submit already complimented registration from 
        And: There is still any gap not completed yet or incorrect.
        Then System will redirect me to gap failed 
        And: in order to be filled properly
        Then: I place correct info, 
        When: I see all in order
        Then: I submit registration form
        Then: E-mail it is sent to my personal email personal account provided.
        And: I Received a message at my personal account. 
        When: I click in the link for email confirmation. 
        Then: System redirects me back to www.venturedestination.com 
        And: I now, can have access, to my Traveller profile.
