1. Scenario: I type www.venturedestination.com
Given: I am in the landing page 
When: I go to right top corner MY ACCOUNT on landing page
And: MY ACCOUNT display 2 optionS LOG IN, (Account already created)  or SING UP/ GET REGISTRED (new account)
And: I click SING UP its appear the BASIC USER REGISRATION FORMULARIO
Then: It apperas the BASIC USER REGISRATION FORMULARIO I get 4 text boxes to be filled (1 User name/nick, 2 e.mail and 3 for new password , 4 confirm new password
when : I introuduce valid email account, system recognizes a valid mail has been place on the box , with a green tick at the BOX
when: I get 3 BOXES filled a confirmation message is displayed  (information has been succesfully introduced and e-mail has been sent the email provide pleas confrim link reieved)
Then: I go to my email and get to the LINK where it is said e-mail confirmation. 
Then I click it and back to www.venturedestination.com I can now LOG IN

2. Scenario: Wrong or not valid e.mail address (when confirmation link can not be found by system or email link confirmation cannot be sent)
Given : I am at SING UP/ GET REGISTRED, I received a RED message please provide valid email address , with a red tick at the E-mail BOX
When : I introuduce valid email account, system recognize a valid mail has been place on the E-mail box , with a green tick at the BOX
Then: I get a confirmation message (information has been succesfully introduced and e-mail has been sent the email provide please confrim link reieved)
Then: I go to my email and get to the LINK where it is said e-mail confirmation. 
And : I  click it and back to www.venturedestination.com I can now LOG IN


3. Scenario: User getting to My ACCOUNT (top right corner every page)
Given : User introudce user Name or E-mail registred and Password Created in Scenario 1. 
Given: threfore User Profile is now Displayed.  
Given: User New Porfile shows 1. Account User Contact Details on top ( Name , e-mail address),  
(phone just in case you alredy book/creat and activity so not yet displayed), 2. Activities participant history. 3. Activities booked not done yet. 
4. 
When: 
And: I type my password properly
And: I click log in
Then: I get a wrong user name or password error





Scenario: Wrong user name
Given : 
When :
And :
And :
