  Feature: Traveller Panel
  As I am already registered as Traveller.
  Then: I want to access to my Traveller Panel.
  So I that I can modify my actual registered Personal data.
  
    Scenario: I want to change my Nick name.
    Given: I am at My Traveller Panel 
    And: I click on My Personal Profile Data Tab
    Then: I click on my nick name.
    Then: I type new Nick name
    And: System check for its availability (as per traveller registration process).
    Then: Once nickname introduced is available and correct according requirements.
    Then: System updates new nickname at traveller database
    Then: My Profile new name is now updated.
    
    Scenario: I want to change my Picture profile
    Then: I click in the Picture
    And: System opens a browser
    Then: I select new picture location
    Then I upload picture from source selected.
    Then: System updates new picture at traveller database
    Then: New Picture is set at profile.
    Then: I want to change my Brief Personal Description.
    Then: I click on it to add or update its content.
    Then: I type My new brief public description.
    Then: I click to submit it accordingly.
    Then: System updates new description at traveller database
    Then: New Profile Brief Personal Description is updated.
   
    Scenario: I want to change My country current location.
    Given: My current location & time zone assigned by default IP
    Then: I click on it to change it.
    And: I get a list of flags for Countries.
    Then: I select a new country current location.
    Then: New Profile traveller time zone is set up according location.
    Then: System updates traveller Location and time zone at database.
    Then: My Member since is shown here (but It cannot be changed).
    
    Scenario: I want to change My Communications Preferences.
    Given: I am at Traveller Panel 
    And: I click on Personal Profile Data Tab
    And: I click on My Communications Preferences.
    Then: I change My Language preferences.
    Then: I also click on languages drop list.
    And: Select my language for communication preferences.
    Then: My Profile communication preferences is now updated.
    
    Scenario: I want to change My Experiences Preferences
    Given: I am at Traveller Panel 
    And: I click on My Personal Profile Data Tab.
    And: I click on My Experience Preferences.
    Then: I get Favourite Sport drop list sorted by elements. 
    Then: I click or unclick to add or delate my favourite sports. 
    Then: My new profile favourite sports list is updated.
    And: I click on My Experience time dedication preferences.
    Then: I click to assign different values to the 3 categories provided.
    Then: My new Experience time dedication preferences is updated.
    Then: I click in My Experiences Physical Activity Demand preferences set.
    Then: I click, demanding, regular or not demanding activities.
     And: I click on year of birth to change it in case is wrong or I that I fell younger.
    Then: My New year of birth is also set.
    Then: System updates My Experiences Preferences at database.
    Then: My Experience preferences tab is now updated.
   
    Scenario: I want to introduce or update My Payment Method.
    Given: I am at Traveller Panel.
    And: I click on Personal Profile Data Tab.
    And: I click to My Payment Preferences.
    Then: If I want to add payment method or change it.
    And: I click update My Payment Preferences.
    Then: I select My payment method preferences.
    And: I select VISA payments
    And. I type correct credit card number
    And: I type correct card Expiration date
    And: I type correct security number
    Then: I confirm terms & conditions.
    And: Confirmation Messages is shown
    And: New Payment method is set or updated.

 Feature: Traveller Panel
 As I am at Traveller Panel
 I want to have My Experiences List.
 So that I can add Favourites to it, and manage My activity for book and done Experiences.
 
      Scenario: My Experience List.
      Given: My Experiences current list considering done, booked or favourite Experience added is set. 
      Then: All Experiences are marked in the Traveller Panel calendar or sorted by date.
      Then: If I click in any of dates that shows experience available at Calendar.
      Then: I get the list of Experience available for selected date.
      And: Showing Experience title and therefore destination and sport.
      Then: I select an Experience from the list. 
      Then: I get redirected to selected Experience Offer Page.
 
      Scenario outline: Add Experience offer to Favourites to My Experience list.
      Given: I am at any given Experience offer page.
      Then: In order to add subject Experience to my Favourite.
      Then I click on the ¨Heart Icon¨ display at the Experiences page.
      Then: My Favourite Experience selected is now added to My Experiences List (at Favourites) at My Travel Panel.
      And: Dates for subject Experience are marked at My Traveller Panel Calendar.

      
Feature: Traveller Panel
 As I am registered as traveller.
 I want to check Weather conditions for My Favourite Experiences.
 So that I can decide when to go, where to go & which sport to practice at each destination.
 
    Scenario:  My local Weather basic forecast info. 
    Given: I am at My Traveller Panel I get mt local weather forecast display.
    And: Weather provider service has been implemented.
    Then: I can have display weather forecast according my current IP location
    And: Therefore, I wil always get My forecast according my IP during My Experience.
 
    Scenario outline: Weather basic forecast info linked Experinces Offer and Calendar.
    Given: Weather service provider linked (www.windfinder.com).
    And: I click in any of the date at My calendar.
    Then: I get the list of Experiences available for that date
    Then: I select favourtie experience from availble.
    Then: I get redirected to selected Experience offer page. 
    Then: Weather forecast will be shown at Experience Page for each offer.  
    
    
    Sceanrio Outline: If I added the Experience to favourites ones.
    Given: I am at My Traveller Panel.
    And: I add a favourite destination.
    Then: The Calendar will display Experience selected date and listed at My experiences.
    Then: The local Weather basic Icon forecast can be attached to Experience accoridn to its starting date. 
    And: forecast service provider info when consulted at any given time.
    Then: Traveller can anticipate weather to book activity
    And: once booked activity to guess it it might finally take place or not.
    And: or prepare for the trip according to weather conditions to be faced.
    
 Feature: Traveller Panel
 As I am a Traveller Panel.
 I want to check My Messages box tab.
 So that I can manage my communications with Experience Organizer.
      
      Scenario: I have not previous conversation.
      Given: I am at My Traveller Panel.
      And: I select experience form calendar available dates and offers.
      Then: I get redirected to the Experience offer page I selected.
      Then: I click to send message to subject Experience Organizer.
      Then: Dialog box opens so I can type My message.
      Then: I close the dialog box after finishing.
      And: Conversation will be available at My Messages Tab at traveller Panel.
      Then: Message will be deliver fist to support for its verification.
      When: Conversation is approved, it will be recorded at E.O. database.
      Then: Sent to Organizer My Inbox Messages Panel to be replyed.
      
      Scenario Outline: I have previous communication with Organizer.
      Given: I am at the Traveller Panel.
      And: I get to My Messages tab.
      Then: I click on the conversation already available at the list sorted by date.
      Then: I can send another messages to organizer.
     
 Feature: Traveller Panel
 As I am a registered traveller.
 I want to check My sport guide
 So that I can decide what sport to practice.
 
     Scenario: I want to get information about different sports.
     Given: I am in the traveller panel
     Then: I select My sport guide.
     Then: I get the sport list available at the system.
     Then: I click in I get to selected sport wiki content.
     Then: I can have general information about sport selected.
     And: I get suggested for Experiences destination available to practice it. 
     Then: If I I click in suggested destination/ Experience currently offered.
     Then: I get redirected to selected Experience offer page.
     Then: I can decide whether or not to practice My sport at subject destination.
 
 Feature: Traveller Panel
 As I am a registered traveller.
 I want to check favourite Destination List.
 So that I can decide what sport to practice at my favourite Destination.
     
     Scenario: I want info about destination.
     Given: I am in the traveller panel
     Then: I select My Destination Guide.
     Then: I get the list of destination available at the system.
     Then: I get to wiki info content general information Guide about destination.
     And: The best available Sport Experiences offer according destination selected.
     Then: I click in any of the Sport Experience available at subject Destination.
     Then: I get redirected to Experience Offer page. 
     Then: I can now book the Sport Experience available at selected destination.

 Feature: Traveller Panel
 As I am a registered traveller.
 I want to get My Traveller Ranking according my No. of Experiences done.
 So that I can be considered as an Expert for Organizer when applying for an experience and at Forum Communities when making interventions.
      
      Given: I am at My Traveller Panel.
      Then: I get a Ranking according my No. of Experiences done.
      And: I get LEVEL 1,2,3 to Expert depending on number of Experience done.
      Then: System show my level at public brief profile
      And: Setting also my level as traveller database profile.
      Then: It cannot be modifying.
  
 Feature: Traveller Panel
 As I am registered as a traveller.
 I want to joint to a Forum Community.
 So that I can get information about my favourite Sport better practices & destination. 
 
    Scenario: I want to check My favourite sport Forum.
    Given: I am in the Traveller Panel.
    Then: I select My Forum accordiong my Sport of interest.
    And: I get a List of Forums according sport and Activities available.
    Then: I click go to forum selected sport forum.

Feature: Traveller Panel
As I am registered as a traveller
I want to ask support
So that I can solve any problem I might have.

    Scenario: Asking for support.
    Given: I am at My Traveller Panel 
    Then: I can have access to Support by clinking on it.
    Then: Message will be sent to it
    And: Support will contact client accordingly.
